feat: danna-sep (#4)
mdx-tutorial/mdx-tutorial.github.io: book/mdx/danna_sep.md

# Dana-Sep

> Danna-Sep is a combination of three different models: X-UMX, U-Net, and Demucs. Each sub-models has been modified either by training with a different objective, or by introducing some architecture changes. The final output is a linear combination of individual outputs from the sub-models. To know the exact settings and details about our model, please checkout our paper [**Danna-Sep: Unit to Separate Them All**](https://s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/production-main-contentbucket52d4b12c-1x4mwd6yn8qjn/db5ef2bf-b28e-4596-b449-baa533044314.pdf) presented in the MDX21 workshop at ISMIR.

Reviewer: Each "sub-model" has

Author: Thanks, feel free to add other comments if you want to.

> # Dana-Sep

Reviewer 2: this might be a typo

Author: ```suggestion
# Danna-Sep
```
My bad, I didn't notice that.

Danna-Sep is a combination of three different sub-models: X-UMX, U-Net, and Demucs. Each sub-model has been modified either by training with a different objective, or by introducing some architecture changes. The final output is a linear combination of individual outputs from the sub-models.

## Multi-Domain Inputs

> The reason why we adopted a combinational approach is because it is known that source separation models which use spectrogram as inputs are effective on harmonic sources such as vocals, while those which use audio as inputs are effective on percussive sources such as drums. We aimed to combine the best of both worlds in our model. Below is the system diagram of our model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We adopted a combinational approach because it is known that source separation models which use spectrograms as inputs are more effective on harmonic sources such as vocals, while models which use raw waveforms as inputs are more effective on percussive sources such as drums. We aimed to combine both methods into our model. The diagram below shows the design of our model.
```

### Inferences

> We provide a pre-trained Danna-Sep as a python package and can be used as a command line tool, so user can separate there favorite songs using one simple command. 

Reviewer: so "users" can separate "their"

The installation instructions are available [here](https://github.com/yoyololicon/danna-sep).

### Training

> If you want to redo our experiments, or want to train Danna-Sep on your own datasets, please checkout our [repository](https://github.com/yoyololicon/music-demixing-challenge-ismir-2021-entry). To use your own trained checkpoints, please install the [inference tool](#inferences) first, then follow the instructions in the repository README.

Reviewer: 1. "If you want to replicate our experiments" sounds a little bit better.
2. please "check out our"
